I don't know what kind of clothes you like.
So I'll buy it all for you and try it.
Yes, these are all according to the lady's size.
Find your biggest listener
Nice lady
You go to work
When did you prepare these?
After receiving the certificate
Mrs. Shen
How can there not be a few clothes that can be worn out?
Go try it
You look so pretty.
Of course.
Remember the beginning
The richest man is the guarantor of the world's richest people
The first son as his woman
Can it happen?
Then you will wear this suit tomorrow.
Join Grandpa's Eyes
Grandpa
This is the new granddaughter
No wife
Come on, Shen Yanzhai
You are already engaged
Quickly divorce this woman
Miss Gu, I will not divorce
Let alone marry that unruly and wayward lady
The unruly and willful is Gu Sisi
Not me
What's the matter with my family?
Are you going to piss me off?
Helping the richest daughter
Don't marry such a loser
Dad, calm down
I'm pissed off again
Seriously, this kid
One by one since childhood
Did he really take a fancy to this girl?
It's obsession.
If you don't divorce him
Don't let my grandfather
The location of the home is also given up
The Shen family does not have unfilial descendants like you